Congratulations, uncle!
Leaving home to see this painting
I will definitely continue to cooperate with the Bai family.
It's all Ohne's fault
If not for him
How can we spend so much money?
Hey wait
This is the lady in the heart of the ocean.
The Heart of the Ocean
It is also one of the products in today's auction.
Why isn't it on display?
This was decided in advance by the eldest young master who left home
Sent away from home
This Li Jia daughter
Didn't you disappear when you were born as a child?
Did you find it again?
It has nothing to do with our family anyway
Hurry up and go to the death group to find Mr. Li
Yeah, that's right.
I'm going now
Hello, let me meet your Mr. Li
Do you have a reservation?
No reservation
But I have something very important
Please take me to meet you
Sorry, I can't pick it up without an appointment.
Do you know who I am?
You Mr. Li
Gave me a billion dollars' worth of jokes.
Can you afford to delay me?
OK
Does Mr. Chen Dazhu want to see Mr. Li?